Bump envoy-gloo to support Base64 Inja Transformation Functions (#7255)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/traffic_management/request_processing/transformations/_index.md

- `body()`: returns the request/response body.
- `context()`: returns the base JSON context (allowing for example to range on a JSON body that is an array).
- `request_header(header_name)`: return the value of the request header with the given name. Useful for including request header values in response transformations.

> - base64_encode(string): encodes the input string to base64.

Reviewer: The other elements in this list wrap the key with ``....`base64_encode(string)`

Author: Updated this here: https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/pull/7255/commits/95f3a9714134027ddd1d861a8f30c1fb31d67e26

> - `base64_encode(string)`: encodes the input string as base64

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `base64_encode(string)`: encodes the input string to base64.
```

> - base64_decode(string): decodes the input string from base64.

Reviewer: It looks like we have some sub-pages for transformations which provide an example of specifically how to define certain transformations. For example, https://docs.solo.io/gloo-edge/latest/guides/traffic_management/request_processing/transformations/inject_response_header/. Do you think it makes sense to add an encoding page that provides eamples of the new APIs?

Author: I don't think it could hurt, plus it'd be a nice thing to send to the user who requested the feature.

Reviewer 3: Thanks for adding this doc guide!

> - `base64_decode(string)`: decodes the input string from base64

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `base64_decode(string)`: decodes the input string from base64.
```

Author: Resolved here: https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/pull/7255/commits/3ccb5a463d6c8630dbaa77e569fc6ae9ca9bd59d#

> - `substring(string, start_pos, substring_len)`: returns a substring of the input string, starting at `start_pods` and extending for `substring_len` characters. If length is not provided or `substring_len` is <= 0, the substring will extend to the end of the string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `substring(string, start_pos, substring_len)`: returns a substring of the input string, starting at `start_pods` and extending for `substring_len` characters. If no length is provided or `substring_len` is <= 0, the substring extends to the end of the input string.
```

Author: Resolved here: https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/pull/7255/commits/f8744cc9a8bb9c36b1a47f6d4869635f1f87bf62
